Team Devlog!! Super Exciting
alexT -- 2019-10-20 6:40pm
  Finished component list and interaction page. We will have one python file which contains necessary functions, sitepaths, and db interaction.
  The other file will create the database and be run only once so that our database is consistent. We will have login, register, welcome,
  createBlog, blog, search, and showall html files. Each will be rendered by a different sitepath. At the moment, we plan on allowing Each
  user a single blog which is automatically displayed when they enter. in the future, we may adapt our code to incorporate multiple blogs for
  each user.


rahmanM -- 2019-10-20 10:54
Yesterday was pretty productive, given it was our first day of serious work. I
finished a diagram for the database structure. I also laid some rudimentary
boilerplate code and a basic registration html and python.

alexO -- 2019-10-22 9:15
recreated table which stores blogs. the new values are username, blogid, blog title, and blog content.
reasoning behind the change is ease of coding, as working with simple integer values to identify
a specific blog is far simpler than using timestamps. furthermore, it was decided a blog title column
was necessary.

also began creating functions to manipulate and retrieve data from the database. examples include
fetchUsername, fetchBlog, fetchAllBlogs, etc...

alexT -- 2019-10-22 9:13pm
  Created basic.html for the use of flash inheritance in the future
  Created login.html: basic login page w/user and pass and login button. Also has a link to registration page
  Created welcome.html: basic welcome page to greet the user after they've been logged in

rahmanM -- 2019-10-22 23:33
A lot of good basework today. I fully fleshed out the login logout mechanics and got
a bunch of people to generate data and help me test it out.

lupeaD -- 2019-10-22 9:09
Created a flow chart that illustrates the user's experience on the site.
Started working on pages that allow additions to the database

alexT -- 2019-10-23 9:25pm
Created createPost.html, results.html, search.html
form in createPost which sends post title and content to welcome.html
form in search and in results which send input to /results to be searched for and sent back to results.html
cleaned up existing html
all html files ready for implementation of jinja
added sitemaps to make the website navigable in what we have so far
